# Anupam-Dutta
I am Anupam Dutta, I am a student of Computer Science and Technology. I am very enthusiastic on technology and science. I just love to learn new things on the field Science and Technology basically on iot and microprocessors and computers, software etc.
NodeMCU Home Automation System By Blynk and Automatically operate on the basis of the input given by IR sensor and LDR sensor #1
This is of Home Automation made by me, It is a home automation project based on blynk application and IoT (Internet of things). In this project, I customize the code given by the Blynk as per my needs. In this project I have used relay module of 4 relays and customize the one relay of the all 4 relays for automatically on and off on the condition based on the environment light and motion that the condition for environment light is given to the microprocessor by the LDR sensor and the motion is give to the microprocessor by the PIR sensor and the microprocessor will automatically turn on and off the relay on the basis of the input data given by the PIR sensor and the LDR sensor. In this project the microprocessor will turn on the customize relay on the basis of environment light and motion. Let's take example that there is environment light available in the environment and there is a motion for that condition the customized relay will stay turned off, but only one condition is that when the relay turns on, and the condition is when there is not enough environment light and as well as motion is detected. Not only that, we can easily control the 4 relays as well as that customize relay through the blynk app from anywhere in the world.

https://blynk.io
